nick : Bro!
nick : Well, this is legendary procrastination right here.
Dimos: Wait, I have done other things for the project, I just not have finished my part of the project.
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Have you… what haven't you done?
Dimos: finish the project, that we have a deadline on Friday, that I learned last week.
Kostadis Roussos: And so what's your excuse for not having done your part of the project?
Dimos: I've been supervising 3 students, I have been doing other…
Kostadis Roussos: What you're saying is you have excuses, but, you know, you didn't do your work.
Dimos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: That you didn't know about.
Dimos: Well, I did know about this, just I procrastinated in doing other jobs I had.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, just admit it. You failed. You know… I have a lot of time to finish it, okay? I have a week. Dude, you know I'm making fun of you, right?
Dimos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, good, just wanna make sure. Let me… hold on, let me get… let me get one thing.
nick : How does it begin?
nick : Don't makeup room.
nick : Boy.
Dimos: Where did you remember that song?
nick : Don't worry.
nick : United States Piano, Mexico-Panama Age. I don't know why I note that song.
Dimos: I mean… Like, almost everyone knows that song.
Dimos: Not the lyric, but at least the…
nick : Yeah.
Dimos: of the song.
Dimos: Well, it's better for what I have been stacked on.
nick : What? What is that?
Dimos: in the past, like, 10 minutes, I've been stacked on Golden from K-Pop Demon Hunters.
nick : Oh, God, no.
Dimos: It just put… it just saw me real with that song behind, and it just… stacked…
Kostadis Roussos: What, it just suck? Stuck?
nick : No, no, no, no, no, no. If my dad learns about it, I'm never gonna hear the end of it.
Kostadis Roussos: What happened?
Dimos: Why?
nick : That's, I…
Kostadis Roussos: My dad's a Disney princess, okay?
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, tell me about the Disney Princess.
Dimos: Well, that's not technically Disney, dude.
nick : I'm sorry, Korean princess, my bad.
Dimos: Oh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So what happened? Come on!
Dimos: We're just talking about what song is stuck on our minds.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Dimos: Adjust that.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so, summary.
Kostadis Roussos: From, last time. The endless dark, underdark tunnel finally opened into a massive cavern where the polished obsidian of the Black Ember Outpost was built directly into the cave wall. Through arrow slits, the party observed a fire giant sergeant attempting to drill a squad of miserable ogres and bored hellhounds.
Kostadis Roussos: The party began their assault with a tactical prank. Felker used a mage hand to successfully strip the ill-fitting uniform off the ogres, distracting the giants and his troops. Simultaneously, Dian provided the vocalization for an illusion of a female hellhound to lure the male hounds into a state of distraction.
Kostadis Roussos: With the enemy confused, the party unleashed an ambush. Fulker initiated with a fireball on the ogres and targeted the giants with a cold, infused cannon.
Kostadis Roussos: Kritas landed a staggering critical hit with her Oath-sworn Bow, dealing over 50 points of damage to the Fire Giant Sergeant. Grom Grimm waded into the fray with spear…
Kostadis Roussos: Spirit Gardens. They realized too late he had stayed within melee range. The Islebearer brutally finished off both ogres. The battle ended swiftly as Akritas killed the fire giant before it could strike.
Kostadis Roussos: Felcor expressed disappointment that they couldn't keep a hellhound as a pet, as Akritas had already attacked them. Two hounds were killed, while a third escaped… while a third escaped deeper into the outpost.
Kostadis Roussos: Actually, it did not deeper into the outpost, out of the outpost.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, what's that?
Kostadis Roussos: To maintain surprise, Diane used auditory illusions to mimic the fire giant's voice, convincing the rest of the outpost that the giants had won the battle. In a moment of vanity, Diane's performance included that the giant…
Kostadis Roussos: Remarking… included the giant remarking that the human prisoner was particularly beautiful.
Kostadis Roussos: You remember that?
Dimos: Of course I do.
Kostadis Roussos: I just want to make sure that you, you know, that was noted.
Kostadis Roussos: How could I forget?
Dimos: Good.
Kostadis Roussos: Recognizing the party, to maintain surprise, okay, the party opted to use healing magic rather than taking a short rest. They navigated the halls, passing a kennel smelling of burned hair, and reached a storeroom in the southeast, where ogres were hauling water from a well under the gaze of another fire giant.
Kostadis Roussos: Recognizing the well as the likely entrance to the Pathway of Shadows, Braum Grimm cast Silence to prevent alarms. The ensuing combat featured heavy hits and simmering tension. The fire giant landed a bone-critical hit on Diane.
Kostadis Roussos: Which Diane reduced from 50 to 45 points. Bromgrim marched in with the 5th level Spirit Guardian, but lost concentration after being struck by an ogre. Diane, after initially missing and being mocked by Gromgrim, used an axe and surge to kill an augur and strike the giant twice while winking at the cleric.
Kostadis Roussos: Bromgrim, shamed by Dion's relentless offensive, relented his healing-only stance to cast mass healing boards, and told the dud that dwelt 25… 27 points of necrotic damage. Kratus provided the finishing blow to the fire giant, the room was secured, and the path to Mare Medra lay open before them.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: You guys remember all this?
nick : Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me, go get into the right Roll20.
Dimos: I'm gonna just go grab a charger, I'm gonna be back.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, sounds good.
nick : Mmm…
Dimos: You can continue.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, I'm just…
nick : Continue.
Kostadis Roussos: I just need to…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, you've now killed all the fire giants. There is a…
Kostadis Roussos: Pool that you… there is a whole… you see that blue thing over here?
Dimos: Yeah, that's the will.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, that's the well. The… all the creatures here are dead. Let me just see whether there was any treasure that you might have found. I don't know… we didn't… we didn't roll for the treasure last time, right?
Kostadis Roussos: D-do.
Kostadis Roussos: All right.
Kostadis Roussos: Make a… wisdom perception check as you look around.
Dimos: Everyone, or a specific…
Kostadis Roussos: And either all of you, unless somebody's… if somebody…
nick : Reception check, you said?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, actually, investigation or insight, sorry, Investigation or Insight.
Dimos: Oh.
nick : Oh, easy. 21. 22, actually.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you find a chest.
Kostadis Roussos: Beneath a ragged blanket.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Are you gonna just let that chest be there, or are you gonna open it and look to see if there's anything in there?
nick : Looking to see if anything's in there.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you find a potion of flying, and a potion of fire giant strength.
Kostadis Roussos: And coral gemstones, worth a total of 400 gold pieces.
Kostadis Roussos: So… I don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: You can add… do you wanna… you add the potions to the… somebody should add the potions to their…
Dimos: Can you repeat the questions?
Kostadis Roussos: Potion of Flying?
Kostadis Roussos: Here, I'll put them in here.
Kostadis Roussos: And…
Kostadis Roussos: To add 100 gold pieces each.
Kostadis Roussos: For the, the gems.
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you drop into the pool?
Dimos: Do you have to go somewhere else?
Kostadis Roussos: one. No, I mean, you… you can… I mean, you… yeah…
Dimos: We're gonna go down the well.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you could go down… the only downside is if you go down the well,
Kostadis Roussos: the Giants might know that you went down the well, and so… and war… and warn people, or, you know, just something to think about.
Dimos: Okay, so how can we hide our trucks?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, what you could do is you could sort of… well, you have two problems. One is you've got, like, a fire giant and four ogres.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: So, one thing you have to do is you have to dispose of the fire giant.
Kostadis Roussos: But then you realize that you've got many dead fire giants, so disposing of them probably isn't gonna work. So the best thing you could do is make it so that they don't know where you left from. Does that make sense?
Dimos: Oh.
Dimos: J…
Kostadis Roussos: So you're gonna have to stage it as if you came in here, stole something from the chest, and then left.
Kostadis Roussos: But not through the wall.
Dimos: Can't I arrange them, I don't remember the movie.
Dimos: To do the reference, but, like, they're just sleeping, and they're still alive.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, eventually they're gonna be discovered as dead, so you can definitely buy yourself some time that way.
Dimos: Yeah, I mean, you know, with the glasses, and with some strings, and make them seem alive, like the movie, I don't.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you mean, the movie,
Kostadis Roussos: Weekend at Bernie's.
Dimos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, well, you could definitely do that. Now, so you have a choice. You can use one of your tokens.
Kostadis Roussos: And it'll work, or you have to rule a deception.
nick : Everything will deception. I think I have a good deception.
Dimos: That has a plus 4 on deception… Yep.
nick : You should do it then.
Dimos: Yeah, Diane will do it.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Dimos: By also, I think it's a good thing to activate birding inspiration for that, or is it just for other creatures?
Kostadis Roussos: No, it's for you as well.
Dimos: so…
Kostadis Roussos: It can do it for yourself.
nick : I can also give you a 1D4, I believe.
Dimos: Right.
nick : Alright, you got this.
Dimos: So I get 1 before also, can you check if that's allowed?
nick : Yeah, I'll check.
nick : I forget if I'm confusing it with something.
nick : Let me find where my character sheet is.
nick : Sorry.
nick : I can't find the exact thing, so assume not, but I'll try and look a bit more.
Dimos: Let's see what role I get.
nick : Oh, no, no, I get, yeah, no, no, I can't. Yeah, you get a plus 5. It's not a 1D4, it's just a plus 5.
Dimos: So, I get a plus 5, or should I roll a 1D4?
nick : It's… you get a plus 5.
Dimos: So, 27.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the scene is staged beautifully. In fact, you're so inspired by the musical, the play that you saw about a bunch of people setting up, pretending that somebody was alive that wasn't dead, that you then have the brilliant idea of making it appear as if
Kostadis Roussos: the fire giant… do you have the insight of saying, perhaps I could make it as if the fire giant got into a fight with the ogres.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? And so is chilling out after having killed them.
Kostadis Roussos: Or do you decide not to go with that?
Dimos: What do you mean? I mean, we have those guys that technically are alive, so it's believable.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, the ogres are also dead.
Dimos: Yeah.
Dimos: I thought we did all this, not just the Fire Giant.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so I'm just saying, but do you want to have it look like the fire giants sort of chilling back while the ogres are dead, or do you want everybody to look up here as if they're alive?
Dimos: Everyone to be aware to.
nick : Everyone in pure life.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, and with that, you jump into the, you go down the well. Alright.
Dimos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: And as you can tell, I was having… I was having fun… too much fun playing with the artwork here.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so you end up in this very large pool of water.
Kostadis Roussos: the…
Dimos: And that's the path to the other city, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, hold on, hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: Dark, murky water fills the back end of the cave, fed by an underground stream connecting the larger lake of shadows.
Kostadis Roussos: There is no light in this cave.
Kostadis Roussos: The water is warm and only about 5 feet deep.
Kostadis Roussos: Pork Bromgrim is, like, flopping and trying to stay afloat, as is Falkor. Do they get on the Owlbear?
Dimos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, because they're, like, 3 feet tall, right?
Kostadis Roussos: So, you're looking… you all have InfraVision, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you find a 5… in the southern area of the pool, you discover a light… you discover a 5-foot-wide tunnel, which opens at the bottom of the pool at a depth of 5 feet.
Kostadis Roussos: So you're basically gonna have to take a dive.
Kostadis Roussos: Ready to, ready to go?
Dimos: I guess, but… so that's the path to go to the other city, and that's the path to come back. Oh, no, we have the portal on the other side, yeah, so… Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Remember, the plan is, you go in one way, and you come out the other way.
Dimos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so let me just, let me just draw something here.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you find a, dark… Passageway out.
Kostadis Roussos: So, you all arrive there, I presume.
nick : Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: You all gonna jump in and swim?
Dimos: Yeah, I don't see it.
Dimos: problem with that plan? I mean, can we do anything else?
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just asking so to know what your plan is.
Kostadis Roussos: you know.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm not… I'm not… I'm not judging here, I'm just, asking questions, just to make sure I know what happens. You know, this is where the GM is asking, wants to make sure that he knows what the party plans, he doesn't…
Kostadis Roussos: So that for the next sequence of things, nothing bad happens, or it happens in the way the party wants.
Kostadis Roussos: Into the water. Alright, into the tunnel. Alright, you go down into the tunnel, you swim for about 40 feet.
Kostadis Roussos: Fortunately, you have to take a very deep breath, and then you pop up into a large cave.
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: You look around, and you find… a lamp.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you turn on… yes? Do you turn on the lamp?
Dimos: Why, everyone has dark vision.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, you also see some papers, so if you want to read the papers, you're going to need a light.
Dimos: Do we see any creatures or whatever around?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no.
Dimos: So, yeah, we opened the lamp to read the papers.
Kostadis Roussos: And you realize that this, in fact, is, what's his name? Solomon Nedrazaks.
Kostadis Roussos: private office area, where he would, like, come periodically to do work.
Kostadis Roussos: Yup. So you have definitely found…
Kostadis Roussos: The Path of the Shadows.
Dimos: Okay, great.
nick : You also read, you know, as you're… as you… do you read the notes, or do you want to just… do you want to spend some time to look through the notes, or do you want to just… Yeah, sure, let's look through the notes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, while you're reading them, you realize that Solomon Nedrazak is not a very nice person. Really?
nick : Really?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Dimos: would expect that.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes. You know, that he was, working to subvert the power of Wolf's clerics in, Miramidra.
Kostadis Roussos: Who would have thought?
Dimos: That he was, weird guy, yeah.
nick : Anti-drought person doesn't like drought? Really?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, he's a drow. Solomon Nedrazek, the male wizard drow who hates female clerics of love, who think…
Kostadis Roussos: Who think that male drow must be subservient and doesn't trust magic users.
Dimos: Should they face shocker?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, this is, you know, pretty consistent, nothing.
Kostadis Roussos: Nothing surprising you.
Kostadis Roussos: But what you do know, what you do read is a note that says… that tells you that,
Kostadis Roussos: that the… and yet what you do realize from reading the paperwork is that Solomon Nedrazak has speculated that the demons appeared as a result of what he refers to as a blink in the ferzess.
Dimos: Okay…
Kostadis Roussos: Rolls from Arcane.
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Thanks.
Dimos: Who has a good dracena? I think no one has a good dracena.
Kostadis Roussos: Oof.
Kostadis Roussos: You could always.
Dimos: Oh, Falcro has a plus 5, so… Falcro's is the best one.
Kostadis Roussos: Avalcard, do you want to try your Arcana?
nick : Yep, sure.
nick : Organa? Do-do-doo.
nick : 22?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So the fair zest is a substance that… whose origin is unclear and unknown, that exists in the Underdark, that both provides illumination and blocks teleportation.
Kostadis Roussos: And so… Essentially, it's a dimension-controlling substance, right?
Dimos: Okay…
Kostadis Roussos: And so, from the notes that you're reading, now that you recall what the Pharisees is, you're able to understand what Solomon was writing about. That some time ago, all of the Pharisees in the Underdark went dark.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, stop illuminating.
Kostadis Roussos: Went… became very brightly lit.
Kostadis Roussos: And then became dark again, and then became normal again.
Kostadis Roussos: An event known as The Blink.
Kostadis Roussos: And that after the blink, demons started to show up.
Dimos: Okay, so if we found the origin, we can stop demons from coming back.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, that's actually caused by another group of adventurers, Nicholas, the thought, alright. But now, you guys now know that this was caused by some kind of spell. You also read a reference to how this was caused by… that his guess was it was caused by some idiot.
Kostadis Roussos: who worked, in Menzo… he blames… he doesn't know who to blame. He blames, you know, powerful wizards, liches, then he scribbles some notes. He wishes it was his idea, and if it had been his idea, it would have been done better than that.
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Then he rants about how he didn't even know that this was even possible, and why didn't he know that this was possible?
Kostadis Roussos: It definitely gives you this vibe of, like, I'm the evil overlord with the… I'm the evil mad scientist who's going to destroy the world with the magical powers and make myself powerful, and why didn't I think of that?
Dimos: So, just a Friday, right?
Kostadis Roussos: You know, just, you know, just… there's a lot of that kind of, like, Whining.
Dimos: Yeah, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: And then, when you read further, you also realize that, Solomon
Kostadis Roussos: After he figured out what had happened.
Kostadis Roussos: decided that, and the demons started to appear, Solomon Nedrazak starts making… started making notes about how, you know, he could make… arrive at an accommodation and a deal.
Kostadis Roussos: With the, the demons.
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: And then, realized that the demons were…
Kostadis Roussos: Not interested in making a deal, but doing with the things that demons do, which is sow chaos, mayhem, and destruction.
nick : Yup.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: So… And so, when, and unfortunately for him.
Kostadis Roussos: The other thing he makes a note reference to is that Wolf had been curiously silent
Kostadis Roussos: For some time, but after the blink, the local Loth clerics suddenly acquired their powers again.
Dimos: Suddenly?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, the cler… they suddenly were able to commune with Loth again.
Dimos: Okay…
Kostadis Roussos: So, you know, one of the things that you've heard rumors about is that Lolth's clerics were unable to commune with Lolth.
Dimos: But now they can't.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Dimos: And is that a problem?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, it's just interesting lore.
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: It's just interesting, Laura.
Kostadis Roussos: For Nicholas, remember when your characters, saved, went and killed, trapped Lolf in a prison?
nick : Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, well, Lolf is the one who figured out how to use the blink to escape.
Kostadis Roussos: So, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Lolf is back, back in the world.
Kostadis Roussos: But she's got other, more important things to do than to pursue revenge against a bunch of adventurers who conspired with her… with her half… with their bastard son to imprison her in a demon… in a… in a trap… in a treasure trap.
nick : Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: She's got higher priorities than dealing with them.
Kostadis Roussos: you know, reestablishing her power, getting all of her clerics organized, extracting revenge on those clerics who decided to stop being faithful to her. You know, more important things.
nick : Oh, obviously.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, and with that… You arrive into Mer Midra.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm, right here.
Kostadis Roussos: Just… Welcome to Ameridra.
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just get the parting back on.
Kostadis Roussos: Do I not have one? I don't have a… A meta icon, how annoying.
Dimos: You had one, I don't know…
Kostadis Roussos: I did have, I did have one, right? Yeah, I did. Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, here we go.
Kostadis Roussos: I haven't had to use it in a while, that's why.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you arrive at the Shattered Tower.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just describe to you what you see.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the cavern that holds Mayor Midra is 600 feet tall at its highest point.
Kostadis Roussos: Anything above 250 feet is enveloped in the ever-present layer of smoke.
Kostadis Roussos: The heavy scent of charcoal hangs in the air.
Kostadis Roussos: Due to the numerous burning braziers, Mayor Mindra is lit at alt hours in dim light.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: you know, the physicist in me goes, well, how… if they're burning all this fire, where does all the oxygen come in? And then the DM in me goes, magic.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, just in case you're wondering. Okay, the plateaus that separate Midra are 100 feet, and
Kostadis Roussos: that separate Mir Midra into sections are 100 feet high. The grand stairs marked on the map between each plateau are 100 feet wide and offer no places to hide.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Merimidra is a city, so what you… so, just to give you… do you see those orange things I've… the green lines I've drawn?
Dimos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: The, like, the one… the one that is between 3 and 6, right?
Dimos: Yeah, we cannot go across that without a bridge or something.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, right? So those are… those are the lines that cover the bridges, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm…
nick : Oh, shoot, am I on the right?
Kostadis Roussos: You should be in Roll 20.
nick : Yeah, boss.
nick : Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so this is… this is just to give you a feel for the area. Now, I just want to remind you, your goal… you've got two goals in here, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Get one of the demonically infused giants.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: And…
Kostadis Roussos: secure, and get what you want from… get what… what's his name wants?
Dimos: The dictionary, though.
Kostadis Roussos: The blur… the book.
Dimos: The book, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Mer Midra is a city fully controlled by demonic evil forces bent on bloodshed and con…
Kostadis Roussos: Quest, your goal is not to wipe out the entire city.
Kostadis Roussos: A lot of the encounters are against tough combatants.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright? So, just keep that in mind. You know, fighting your way through this will result in a…
Kostadis Roussos: In death and destruction.
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. For the past half mile or so, the tunnel has been growing warmer, as if you were drawing nearer to a smoldering fire. The end is partially blocked by rubble, but seeping through the cracks are flickering orange lights on the sound of shouting, talking, and the ringing of steel.
Kostadis Roussos: Removing the rubble only takes a few minutes, revealing the former drow metropolis of Merr Medra. As predicted, the tunnel opens on the north side amidst rocks and ruins which shelter you from view. Beyond that sprawls a city of fire and ash, nestled in a titanic cavern.
Kostadis Roussos: Huge buildings dominate the center floor, creating alleys large enough for the black-skinned fire giants to walk about comfortably.
Kostadis Roussos: The western section of the city holds a raised plateau upon which squats a courtyard surrounded by black spires, bearing a prominent symbol above of an eben archway, a six-fingered hand.
Kostadis Roussos: On the eastern side looms a castle on another plateau where two towers stretch from floor to ceiling far above. The southern end of the residential district in the center is dominated by a massive Colosseum.
Kostadis Roussos: So, let me just make sure you guys know.
Kostadis Roussos: This is the South.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just put this,
Kostadis Roussos: I just… it's not south, this is south. Alright?
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? So, just obviously… North.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: On the eastern side of the castle, and
Kostadis Roussos: Right, and so here's where the six-fingered, plateau, the six-fingered symbol is.
Kostadis Roussos: But… Remember, six-fingered is a symbol of grasped, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the southeastern section of the city drops into a lower section beyond your sight. All over Mayor Medra, huge blazing fires burn in wide iron brassiers, creating a thick area of smoke over the entire city, and everywhere you see, you see fierce-eyed fire giants, armored ogres, slavering hellhounds, drow elves in chains, and demons of all ilk.
Kostadis Roussos: You hear… you hear it before you see it. Rounding the corner, you come across an unusual sight. Four large bipedal creatures are standing over a smaller one. Occasionally, one of the larger creatures throws a kick or a punch at the smaller.
Kostadis Roussos: One of the ogres manages to get hold of the little guy and tosses it into the air, gripping it by a barbed tail and begins swinging it around its head like a lasso. The creature cries out in pain and scrabbles to keep hold of the satchel that until now was slung over its shoulder.
Kostadis Roussos: The satchel is bloodstained, and the flap securely… the flaps secured shut by an oversized button.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you wish to intervene?
Dimos: Should we keep a low profile, Nick? What do you think?
nick : Probably.
Kostadis Roussos: The creature… the creature sees you and says, PLEASE, PLEASE HELP ME! PLEASE HELP ME!
Dimos: What are the chances that that creature will help us a lot if we help it now?
nick : What type of creature is it?
Kostadis Roussos: Roll an Arcana check.
Dimos: Velcro has the best one.
nick : Yep, great.
nick : 20…
Kostadis Roussos: 20?
nick : 20.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so, it's an imp.
Kostadis Roussos: Which is a… He goes… it's an imp, which is a kind of demon.
Dimos: Yeah, okay, I get that, but we'll…
Dimos: Is it in its nature to help if we help it, or not?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean… Let's see what Impling go in 5th edition.
Dimos: Also, we have to kinda get a long rest, because we are still…
Kostadis Roussos: I'm gonna assume you guys took a long rest.
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, the imp is a devil, it's not a demon. So you could make a deal with a devil, you can't make a deal with a demon.
Dimos: Okay…
Dimos: So, you said, we can't.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you can't… yes, you can't make a deal with the devil.
Kostadis Roussos: Meanwhile, the creatures sort of stare at you.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, they've got the thing by their foot, and they're, like, basically daring you to attack them.
Dimos: What the creature is? What is it? Is it a fire giant, or something else?
Kostadis Roussos: Actually, no, they're not, they're not, they're, they're, they're,
Kostadis Roussos: He's screaming, please help me! But the ogres thinks that he's just screaming for help in general, so they're having too much fun playing with this guy.
Kostadis Roussos: Therefore…
Dimos: Okay, so, it's an ogre.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, these are ogres.
Dimos: With an imp, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: And there's 4 of them.
Dimos: For Ogres1 Imp.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
nick : I don't know if we should, the reason is just because if we kill them, we might… we already killed one group, we should just keep on going. I don't think… as much as I want to help, I think if we help, we're gonna end up,
nick : Alerting more suspicion.
nick : Because, look
nick : If somebody finds the previous dead group of people, if they find this one, they'll know someone here.
nick : And if they find the other one, I don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: Now, having said that, so that's fair, but having said that, in this place, finding dead creatures is not entirely surprising, given the nature of the personalities involved.
nick : Yeah, I just think that, that's… that's why I think one group is okay… leaving one group of dead things is okay, but two might… might start arousing suspicion.
Dimos: But if we have an imp that is bound to help us.
Dimos: It won't be bad for our time here, no?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, you could ask him, what, does he have anything to offer?
nick : Yeah. Sure, do you have anything to offer a little bro?
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, If you save me, I've been spending some time here, and I know exactly what's going on in the city!
Dimos: I don't think that's enough.
Kostadis Roussos: I know, I know where to fire… so what do you want?
Dimos: We're not gonna say it aloud in front of the ogres.
Kostadis Roussos: I know everything there is to know!
Kostadis Roussos: Lisa!
Dimos: worth a pick?
Kostadis Roussos: Please!
nick : Duh.
Kostadis Roussos: The ogre throw… the ogre bangs him. If you're not gonna do anything, he's gonna be dead in… he's gonna be dead in a round.
nick : Sure.
Dimos: I don't… Fine, let's help it.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, you don't have to, I'm just saying, he's like going, I'm… please help me!
nick : Sure, let's hope it.
Dimos: Well, yeah, I mean, we give you more reason to roleplay, so that's fun.
nick : Yeah, fair.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, fair.
Dimos: So, we're all initiatives, I guess.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, we roll initiative.
Kostadis Roussos: Got a tadpool Girl.
Kostadis Roussos: than I do with ogres.
Dimos: Nick, what's your initiative?
nick : My initiative is… It's like I'm rolling it.
nick : 4.
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you guys… so the imp… you guys are,
Kostadis Roussos: So the gray, it represents, partial cover.
nick : Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so you can…
Kostadis Roussos: If you're standing, you can have partial cover, and if you duck yourself down, you can take the hide action to hide behind that rock if you want.
Kostadis Roussos: And the, the black represents, walls… of the buildings.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Make sense?
Kostadis Roussos: And I did put you on… you do see… I did put you on the right map, right? Yes, okay. You see four… you see four ogres in the imp, you see yourselves.
Kostadis Roussos: The imps kind of go, I'll be before I'm killed, please! I'll tell you anything you want! The ogres at this point in time are going…
Kostadis Roussos: And, they are very much convinced nobody's here, being not particularly clever, and one of them shouts, You've been trying to play tricks on us all day! You will not, you will, you, you will die!
Kostadis Roussos: The other one goes, We will eat you! And the imp… the imp shouts.
Kostadis Roussos: You fools, if you kill me, I'll turn into dust and you won't have anything to eat! No, no, no, no, no, you should, you shouldn't kill me!
Kostadis Roussos: I could give you things!
Kostadis Roussos: Right, he's now, like, desperately trying to stay alive. Let me get my, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty,
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the only difference is they have 68 inputs.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, and their armor class, let me just check what their armor class is, because…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, now the initiative. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So these guys are really dumb, and they're certainly not expecting anybody to be there. So, do you want to try to surprise them, or do you want to just… do you want to… do you want to do anything to try to surprise them, or just charge and see what happens?
nick : Just charging. See what happens.
Dimos: Yeah, I don't… I don't think we need to do something… Radical for this battle.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Diane, you're up.
Dimos: Can you just number the augers?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh yeah, right.
Kostadis Roussos: Remember, fireballs could kill the imp, so just keep that in mind. Alright.
Dimos: Okay, so Diane will attack number… oh, come on!
Kostadis Roussos: What did he roll?
Dimos: It was a 19, and it was just going to 1.
Dimos: Well, they have 11, so yeah, that…
Dimos: Kids for a total of 11.
Dimos: Should we use action sets now?
Kostadis Roussos: I mean.
Dimos: Yeah, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, what's his name? Bromgrim. Sir, not Braumgrim. Felcor's observation that the quicker this is done is the better is not a mistake.
Kostadis Roussos: So, just keep that in mind.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Dimos: So, Diane did a total of 41 hit points to number 2.
Kostadis Roussos: To numb… 42 to number 2, right?
Dimos: You're updating it, okay?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, that's 44. Alright, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Accreditas.
Dimos: A critas with the bow, uses, the mark…
Kostadis Roussos: East Central.
Dimos: And there's mark on number 2.
Dimos: With a bow… He's, also favored foe, so that's 1, 2, 6 from here, and…
Dimos: 1 to 6 from here, I think…
Dimos: 16, 22, he's dead. Number 2, he's dead.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the imp goes, Yes, sir!
Kostadis Roussos: That's funny.
Kostadis Roussos: Huzzah!
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Ogre number 4, and he dashes over here.
Kostadis Roussos: Dashes over here, points to the ogres, and says, And hides behind the rocks.
Dimos: Okay, let's make sure we have the deal with the imp before we continue.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the ogre charge… ogre number 4 charges right at you.
Kostadis Roussos: Goes… You took Toya away!
Dimos: No, I didn't.
Kostadis Roussos: He rolls a 24.
Dimos: Is that a… Yeah, that's a heater of 21.
Kostadis Roussos: And he does, 2d8 plus 4… 13 points of damage.
Dimos: Nuts.
Dimos: Well, actually, Diane's gonna use protective field to reduce the demand by 1D8 plus 1.
Dimos: Minus 7, so that's, I think, 5 heat points. 6 feet.
Kostadis Roussos: 6 hit points. All right, Owlbear.
Dimos: Albert will come here.
Dimos: And attack number 4… With its close twice.
Dimos: Okay, 1 hit for a total of 18 hit points.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, got it.
Dimos: Okay…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright?
Dimos: And that's turn, I don't think it has anything else. It has anything else to do.
Kostadis Roussos: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: Okie dokie, the other ogre, ogre number 3.
Dimos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Boker number 3 sees the owl bar and goes, Tasty!
Kostadis Roussos: I'll bear meat!
Kostadis Roussos: And attacks the owlbear.
Kostadis Roussos: He swings his great club, he hits for…
Kostadis Roussos: 13 points of damage.
Dimos: Okay… So, here, 13… Here, okay?
Dimos: Felcor, your turn.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: At this point in time, remember, the imp is behind you, so you could use Fireball if you wanted to.
nick : Yeah, yeah, yeah, no, that's what… that's basically what I'm thinking.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: And these guys are not immune to fire or have any fire resistance.
nick : measure…
nick : I can hit them. I can hit all three without hitting anyone else.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
nick : Fireball.
nick : Mmm… 28 damage. Dc19. Dexterity?
Kostadis Roussos: BC19.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, 3D.
nick : And I'm also gonna hit the 2 next to, the Albert form.
nick : An additional 16 points of damage.
nick : With a DC of 17 Dexterity.
Kostadis Roussos: How much damage did you cost to them? They blew… they all blew their saving throws.
Kostadis Roussos: The fireball.
nick : 28… 28.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so… They each take 28 points of damage from the fireball.
Kostadis Roussos: And then… okay. Vimos, could you update the other two guys?
Dimos: Yeah, yeah. And how much on the number 3 that's next to the Alber, you said?
Kostadis Roussos: Nick, how much of the f- I'll bear?
nick : None, to y'all bear.
Dimos: I can hit it and go to the…
Kostadis Roussos: Ogre, to the ogre.
nick : It's 16.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, alright.
Dimos: Does it have a saving throw, or…
nick : Dc16 Dexterity.
Kostadis Roussos: Another DC15 Dexterity.
Kostadis Roussos: He made his dexterity.
Dimos: So, half diamonds?
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Grom Grim, Europe.
Dimos: Brown Grimms wants to make sure we have the deal with the imp first.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Dimos: I don't know if we have to… if we have to shake hands or whatever, so we're gonna help him, otherwise we're gonna give it back to the ogres, or…
Kostadis Roussos: He goes…
Dimos: with…
Kostadis Roussos: Are we really gonna negotiate right now in the middle of a combat?
Dimos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Bromgraham, roll up persuasion or intimidation?
Dimos: Well, intimidation doesn't have a persuasion? He has a good one.
Dimos: Ugh, he's 12 enough.
Kostadis Roussos: You could use a bardic inspiration if you want.
Dimos: Yeah, okay, is that… doesn't it have a reaction to do that?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, but you haven't used your reaction, so you can use it if you want.
Dimos: I have used my reaction, that's why I'm saying it.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, in that case, no, you can't. Alright.
Dimos: Can Felcro give a plus 5 on… like, before? I don't remember what it was.
Kostadis Roussos: Can you do the plus 5, Nick?
nick : Paul Favia, I can.
nick : It's just a touch, but I… it's a touch.
Dimos: Nick's…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you're… Yeah, you're accidental.
nick : Yeah, then yes.
Dimos: So, 17, is 17 good enough?
Kostadis Roussos: The, the, the imp goes, so what did you ask the imp?
Dimos: Yeah, we're gonna… Deal… we're gonna make the deal now.
Kostadis Roussos: The imp says, Done! Sold! Whatever you want! I promise!
Dimos: Okay, great, whatever we want, that's what we want.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, hold on.
Dimos: One for your safety.
Kostadis Roussos: No, whatever we want, as long as it doesn't violate any of the previous contracts I've signed.
Dimos: Okay, now we're gonna… Oh, it.
Kostadis Roussos: I haven't signed very many! Look, look!
Dimos: Is there a particular one we have to know that you are bound not to help? No, no, I can help you…
Kostadis Roussos: None of the contracts affect you.
Dimos: Well… Is… affect you from going to an area or selling us anything?
Kostadis Roussos: He, just… I… he… You, you, you're, you're going to lose… you're going to lose your turn.
Dimos: I thought speaking was a free turn.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I know, but negotiations are not.
Dimos: I don't care if brown-green loses this turn.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the ogre. Ogre 1 marches up to Diane.
Dimos: Wait, we have not finished negotiating.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, we're gonna continue the negotiations after.
Dimos: After, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: It is, in general, a free action, but a complex negotiation with the devil is not…
Kostadis Roussos: a free action.
Dimos: Because it's… Consider the devil doesn't mean it shouldn't be a free action.
Kostadis Roussos: Dude, I feel like I'm negotiating with the devil right now.
Dimos: Is this You're not the first one to say that.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, I see.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Diane, what's your armor class? It's…
Dimos: 21.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, that's a miss. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: die in Europe.
Dimos: Okay, then, text number 4…
Dimos: Ugh.
Dimos: Is number 4 dead? No, it has 2 hit points, really? Oh, come on.
Kostadis Roussos: Why does it have two?
Dimos: And I got a… and I got a critical, okay.
Dimos: So yeah, number 2 is very… number 4 is very, very, very dead.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, number 4 is dead. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, Caritas, you're up.
Dimos: Okay, Akritas move, the Mark II number 3?
Dimos: Yeah, why not?
Dimos: to number 3…
Kostadis Roussos: Nope.
Dimos: And… Makes the attacks.
Dimos: First attack hits with a f- and also uses a second favorite foe.
Dimos: I'll have this mask… And also the second attack with just the Hunter Smart.
Dimos: And… A 1? Okay. That's a total of 2… 22…
Dimos: Plus 35, 38 key points… oh, come on, oh, he's dead.
Kostadis Roussos: Ogre number 3 is dead.
Dimos: And moves the mark to number 1, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Dimos: Albert moves to number 1.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Dimos: And… That's 35 heat points, he has 5 heat points left.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Felcor, you're up.
nick : Okay?
Kostadis Roussos: You can use your cannon on him and get rid of him, or you could even use your pistol.
nick : I'll just firebolt him.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
nick : There's just one left, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Dimos: Yep.
Dimos: With 5 hit points.
nick : Yeah, he did.
Kostadis Roussos: dead?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: The… the, the… the IMCOs.
Kostadis Roussos: You guys are REALLY powerful!
Dimos: So… yeah, so what we were talking, yes, the terms of the deal, right? Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, okay, well, you know, he pulls out a standard contract.
Dimos: That says what?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, that, you know, has the standard set of terms an imp would provide. Typical boilerplate, nothing particularly out of the ordinary.
Dimos: Okay, and what's that?
Kostadis Roussos: You carefully read it and realize that he's not now working for you, but you're working for him, and so I presume you take the contract and tell him, try again.
Dimos: Yeah.
Dimos: In a nice words, that's what we do, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, look, look, look, look, look, he pauses.
Kostadis Roussos: He pauses for, a second. So you could use a preparation token to have had a pre-made contract.
Dimos: No, I don't think we want to use our token here.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Okay.
Dimos: But we are gonna move somewhere that we're not in the middle of the streets.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you go… you go hide in… in some rubble.
Dimos: Yeah, we take the imp by its neck, and we go to…
Kostadis Roussos: Here you go.
Dimos: Make a contract. Somewhere.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, well…
Kostadis Roussos: he finds, fine, look, can we just agree that, I've, I've had some deals with some, some powerful entities?
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: But those powerful entities have no, none of the things that they're currently doing, has anything to do with you.
Dimos: You don't know that, so… My question is, are you bound so you cannot tell any information or go to some place in Maramontra? Yes or no?
Kostadis Roussos: What do you mean by that? I'm not…
Dimos: Like, if he cannot go to a castle, or if he cannot tell us some information…
Kostadis Roussos: He pauses and says, oh, no, no, no, you don't understand. I was brought into the prime material plane as a result of some magic user's mistakes, and when that magic user died, I decided it was P.
Kostadis Roussos: It was just a great… this was a lot more fun than being in the Nine Hells.
Dimos: Okay, we agree.
Kostadis Roussos: And so I just want to stay, I just want to keep pausing. I just don't want to go back to the Nine Hells. So frankly, all I really want to do is just, you know, I enjoy being here.
Dimos: Great, so what deals have you make?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I had made a deal with… he names a devil that you don't recognize.
Kostadis Roussos: And then he says, and the deal I made was that I had to work for him, but the contract very specifically said nothing about having to work for him in the prime material plane.
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: And so, that loophole has allowed me to be free.
Dimos: So you don't have any other… Deals.
Kostadis Roussos: No, I have no other deals. Well, I did have that deal with a magic user, but he had another loophole that had to do with him getting killed.
Kostadis Roussos: Now, the contract did specify I couldn't kill him.
Dimos: Good to know.
Kostadis Roussos: But there was some detailed language, very deep, buried in the contract, that said that under particular circumstances, I didn't have to warn him.
Dimos: We really do need a lower class here.
Kostadis Roussos: But look, look, look!
nick : Can I use the experience I gained from the last time I made a contract to… for here?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you can.
Dimos: Great.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so… okay, so let's agree that you guys can get what you want from this guy if you make…
Kostadis Roussos: an Insight, Arcana… you roll an Insight and an Arcana check.
Kostadis Roussos: Since you've already made a contract with, you've already made a contract with a Ultraloth, I think that you have enough experience and expertise to create another contract with a much less powerful entity, so I'll give you advantage and plus 5.
nick : Okay.
Dimos: Okay, well, Bramgry has plus 9 on Insight, so I think he's gonna be rolling for Inside.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, and then, but he doesn't get the plus 5, though.
Kostadis Roussos: In advance.
Dimos: Does he get advantage, or no?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, that would be only… the person.
nick : That'd only be if I did it.
Dimos: Okay, only Felcro. Okay, so Felcro will do the Arcana.
nick : Okay. Right?
nick : Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
nick : Can I give myself a plus 5 bonus?
nick : You can do whatever you want. Yeah, I…
Dimos: I mean, we have the Bardik Inspiration tree, so…
nick : goddamn 18, I guess.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, well, it turns out that's enough to…
Dimos: treatment.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you managed to produce a contract that basically says…
nick : In 23, sorry, sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, so you get the contract you want.
Dimos: Great.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes…
Dimos: That's what we wanted. So we have the true guide.
Kostadis Roussos: Imp, the imp says, my name is… Pip yap!
Dimos: beep yet?
Kostadis Roussos: Pip Yap.
Dimos: Oh, so you're gonna be yapping a lot, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, I just love being on the private material plane, and I have no desire to go back to the Nine Hills, and you know what, I am really excited about being able to work with you.
Dimos: Grandpaissance you.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, well, hold on, I'm not down! So, he sits down. He looks at his, he notices that you've got some food in your backpack.
Kostadis Roussos: He says, are you gonna eat all that?
Dimos: Probably.
Kostadis Roussos: Please! I'm hungry!
Dimos: That sounds like a U problem. So, let's continue our adventure.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, do you want to ask him? He goes, do you want to… you can learn a lot of lore from this guy.
Dimos: So, yeah, when we need it, we're probably gonna ask him.
Kostadis Roussos: Then he… then,
Kostadis Roussos: Well, do you not want to ask him anything right now, or just go in blind?
Dimos: So, I guess the terms of contract is to tell him our plan, so… but he is bound not to say to anyone what our plan is.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Dimos: He cannot steal, kill, or whatever bad thing to us. He has to obey in every order of what we say.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Dimos: So, yeah, I guess we'll tell… tell him the plan, and…
Dimos: I'll go, he goes, Are you people crazy?
Dimos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: There's demonic fire giants in the city!
Dimos: That's what we want.
Dimos: Did you hear what I say?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I know, but you're still crazy! Now look.
Kostadis Roussos: Look, the ruler of Miramidra is Helede, a HUGE fire giant queen.
Kostadis Roussos: She lives…
Dimos: Still neat here.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, and if you're smart like me, you'll stay away from there, right? And so, he says that she lives, just so, just so, so he tells you that
Kostadis Roussos: She lives…
Kostadis Roussos: In the eastern part of the city, north-southeast. Right, so she lives… this is… I'll just put the,
Kostadis Roussos: Queen.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so Queen lives over here.
Dimos: Okay…
Kostadis Roussos: No, sorry. Never eat shredded weed. Yes. Alright, that's where the queen lives. Alright.
nick : You know what I've never eat shredded wheat? I know that I've never eat soggy wheat.
Kostadis Roussos: Shredded wheat was a box of cereal when I was a kid.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Kostadis Roussos: So that's why it's shredded wheat. It's… if you look up shredded wheat cereal, you'll see what I mean.
nick : Huh.
Kostadis Roussos: She then goes, non-fiends and non-giants are considered slaves and have no rights!
Kostadis Roussos: In this city. Do you know what it's like to be a devil? I should have rules! I… but let me just tell you what the rules are, it's…
Kostadis Roussos: Demons, giants, ogres, Raphae, devils and slaves.
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: Pauses and says, But did you say you're looking for giants with fiendish blood?
Kostadis Roussos: That's what you're looking for.
Dimos: Demon, yeah?
Kostadis Roussos: Giants with fiendish blood, remember? That's what you're looking for?
Dimos: Yeah, okay, I just remembered with demon blood, I don't remember exactly what kind of blood, but yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, right, so he goes, fiendish is,
Kostadis Roussos: In English, the word fiend and demon means the same thing.
Dimos: Really?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Rather, Themed dish… oh, sorry, in 5th edition rules, demons, devils… are all.
Dimos: Everything… FINE, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So it's a… it's a type of monster.
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, sorry, yes. One of them is in charge of the Colosseum, and the other manages the Six Fingered Courtyard. They're both jerks.
Kostadis Roussos: So, let me.
Dimos: Oh wait, so one is on the Colosseum, so next to the tower that we have to leave, that's great.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so let me just put this.
Kostadis Roussos: So this is,
Kostadis Roussos: There we go.
Kostadis Roussos: Fiendish… Giant. Alright, let me just put it here.
Kostadis Roussos: And the other one is over here.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And then he says…
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, great! Gladiator fights happen in the Colosseum all the time! Boy!
Kostadis Roussos: What a hoot that is!
Kostadis Roussos: And then he says, and then he says, and the six-fingered Courtyard is where a lot of demons and giants go to worship some demon lord. Meh. All demons, they all look the same to me.
Kostadis Roussos: He then pauses.
Kostadis Roussos: And says.
Kostadis Roussos: And what… you said something… or do you… and by the way, there's something really interesting going on.
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes… Well, it seems that some mag… some… somebody from Molemaster has shown up.
Dimos: Molemaster?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, that immediately rings a bell, because Mole Master is a set of people who are looking for… FileCore.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Dimos: Great.
Kostadis Roussos: He showed up for dinner at the, the, the Eugoloth's house.
Dimos: Please tell me we don't have to go to the Eugolith's house, right?
nick : No, please, not ever again.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, not a new… this is a different one, this is…
nick : Good one.
Kostadis Roussos: This is Braxton, remember, Marim Il-Vos wants you to steal something from Braxton.
Dimos: And that's in the Yugolot house, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, and that's in the tower that also happens to have the teleportation circle.
Dimos: So wait, everything is in there?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Dimos: So, in the tower is the teleportation and the book.
Kostadis Roussos: And the Mole Master. And he's about to explain to you why.
Dimos: Okay…
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, Grast made a… do you wanna hear it?
Dimos: Yeah?
Kostadis Roussos: Right, the pip goes, you know, the problem with demons is that they can't keep their mouths shut.
Kostadis Roussos: There's no sophistication to them. It's always like… smash, smash, smash.
Kostadis Roussos: No style, no class, nothing.
Kostadis Roussos: He then looks at Diane. Are you sure you're not gonna eat that?
Kostadis Roussos: I'm really hungry!
nick : Give them a bite.
Dimos: Do you think that's gonna stop from him talking? It's not gonna stop him from talking.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, but, but I…
Kostadis Roussos: PLEASE!
Dimos: If you help us, I will give you, but… I will help you!
Kostadis Roussos: I just, I'm hungry, I'm much happier when I'm not hungry.
Dimos: You seem happy enough, so continue.
Kostadis Roussos: You're…
Kostadis Roussos: Pauses. You're very good at this! Do you want to sell your soul? I know somebody who will buy it cheap.
Dimos: I think I'm good for now, but if I ever need that opportunity, I will let you not know.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, you know, I even… I think I even know somebody who might be able to make me a Warlock patron. I mean, I could just imagine you with… as a warlock, it would just be awesome!
Dimos: Huh.
Dimos: So, let's go back of what we were talking about.
Kostadis Roussos: Are you sure? I mean, like, that's… totally cool. No, no interest.
Kostadis Roussos: I, I, I, I've known people, I happen to…
Dimos: Good, so… continue.
Dimos: What we were talking about.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, alright, so just to remind you.
Dimos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: You've made a deal… so, Marim Ilvos has said that Vraxen has this books, right?
Kostadis Roussos: The book is in the building.
Kostadis Roussos: The spire of inevitable reckoning with the teleportation circle.
Dimos: Great.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so you've now learned that Vraxen… so, yep, and so he ex… so this is where Vraxen lives.
Kostadis Roussos: Roxen.
Kostadis Roussos: Bold Master… book, right?
Kostadis Roussos: And he explains, and so what he explains is that, well, when grass… so, you see, you have to understand, demons are just terrible.
Kostadis Roussos: And they make these terrible deals, and the giants are terrible.
Kostadis Roussos: And when Grass made his deal with the Giants, he needed to bring in an… he needed to bring in yet another demon to make sure that everybody was doing as he wanted.
Kostadis Roussos: The most likely outcome is if you imbue a bunch of crazy giants with fiendish blood, what are they gonna do?
Dimos: Well, as far as getting the plants, we have to go to the Colosseum to get the fine giants.
Dimos: And then, with some deception and invisibility, go take the book and the teleportation circuit.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, he looks at you and goes, Weewee!
Kostadis Roussos: That's the best you could do!
Dimos: Do you have a better plan?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I know something very important.
Dimos: So, why you're not telling us?
Dimos: Well, because… You're bounded L.
Dimos: I know, I know, but I would be much more friendly and easy to communicate with if I didn't have a rumbling stomach.
Dimos: Bye, and I give him some of the food.
Kostadis Roussos: It goes,
Kostadis Roussos: Do you know how long it's been since I've eaten anything other than crap giants throw out?
Kostadis Roussos: This is so good!
Kostadis Roussos: Then he pauses.
Kostadis Roussos: You don't put any salt in your food.
nick : If you could… maybe we should take your food away.
Dimos: No, no, no, no, no, I'm protecting.
Kostadis Roussos: He's like, you should put some salt, it goes a lot better with salt, just something for you to think.
Dimos: Okay, then get some, of the dirt and put it on the food here, some salt.
Kostadis Roussos: He looks at you, goes, Fine. You're like…
Kostadis Roussos: brushes it away, cleans it up, finally goes, well, Vraxen, the fiendish giant who runs the…
Kostadis Roussos: the Colosseum, and this is in charge of security. Whose name? Let me just get the name. I need to get the name so I don't get this confused.
Kostadis Roussos: Is it…
Kostadis Roussos: Bepparid?
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, it was the Fiendish Giant, right?
Kostadis Roussos: runs the books for the betting in the Colosseum.
Dimos: So, what, he's also the librarian?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, Vepard is the fiendish giant who runs the Colosseum, right?
Dimos: Yeah, but also…
Kostadis Roussos: He also manages the bedding pool.
Dimos: Oh, baiting pool, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: on the Coliseum.
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: And Vraxen and him have a deal where they try to make money off of it.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Dimos: Okay…
Kostadis Roussos: But Veprid is a bit of an idiot, and has been stealing money from Braxen.
Kostadis Roussos: So, he pauses and says.
Kostadis Roussos: If you want it, I wouldn't… I wouldn't steal… he goes, you could get Vraxen and Beppard to start fighting each other while you go and do… while you go and steal the other giants.
Dimos: Okay…
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so just to remind… just to give you…
Dimos: Yes, but that will also start the war, that will be a great distraction, so we can use the portal, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Right, right. So just to remind you, because it's been a while, so there's the portal… the port… the portal… you can use the portal to cross this distance.
Dimos: Isn't there a bridge that we can go?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh yeah, you can also use the… you can use the bridge as well, right?
Dimos: So, yeah, we can't… Well, it's not wise to split apart.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, but I'm just saying, so this is… so… so if you cause chaos and mayhem, Right?
Dimos: So how much time do we have?
Dimos: If we get good to… this giant… To leave and go home.
Dimos: because I remember there was a problem with respiration, or his size.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you basically… so basically what you… okay, so what you have to do is you have to… so now that you sort of see the situation, right? Yeah. All right.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just make sure I didn't create a situation that I got confused, so give me a second.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so… Here's how to… here's how to think about the situation, right?
Dimos: No.
Kostadis Roussos: So, what you need to do… Is… you have…
Kostadis Roussos: So the time intervals that you care about, just so that we're on the.
Dimos: Same page, yeah?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, you have 10 minutes to craw… to… if you… once you put them in the portal.
Dimos: Yeah, in the hole.
Kostadis Roussos: If you put them in the hole, you have the breathing apparatus.
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, and so… if you… but the problem is that if you… with the breathing apparatus, if you try to get out of the city while there's a war zone, it will be crazy.
Dimos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? So, if you… once you have the guy, you get into here, you go climb up the tower, use the teleportation circle, and you end up in Spore Dome.
Dimos: My question is, what if we could go first to get a guy, and then go make the war, and then leave?
Kostadis Roussos: You could do it that way, too. Either way works.
Dimos: Because if we don't have a problem with his size or his aspiration, we just can go get him, go make the other guys fight.
Dimos: Get the book and live without ever…
Dimos: Having to go start the war, then go get the guy, and then come back again.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I mean, those are… yeah, those are… yeah, those are the… either of those two options work.
Dimos: Okay… So, yes, I'm guessing we'd… to the… smallest buff.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so the plan is to go from here to the Fiendish…
Dimos: go to the ritual.
Kostadis Roussos: Grab the guy from the ritual, head over there.
Dimos: Start the war.
Dimos: And take the book and live.
Kostadis Roussos: Take the book and leave.
Dimos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: You have to do all of that in one long rest, because there's gonna be… the dinner's gonna happen tonight.
Dimos: And what happens if we do it after the dinner?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, the Mole Master guy's there, and he may get the book, which will reveal And if…
Dimos: Oh, we have to get the book before the guy, okay.
Dimos: Yeah, I think that's important.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And so the only other remaining question is, what is your bluff to get into the… remember, you're not for giants, so what's your bluff to get into the dinner?
Dimos: Invisibility?
Kostadis Roussos: In the city full of magic users, demons, clerics, you might want to think about, like, that's not a bluff, that's, like.
Kostadis Roussos: So one thing you could do is you could actually show up at the dinner as if you were invited at the dinner.
Dimos: I mean, let's be honest.
Dimos: A human, a gnome, a dwarf, and…
Dimos: an Elvis, an elf, I don't think they're…
Dimos: About to be invited to a dinner like that.
nick : Yeah, no.
Kostadis Roussos: True.
Dimos: in the other dark.
Dimos: So, we have to either… Turn, cosplay, or… Cool.
Kostadis Roussos: Or the one thing you do, roll a history check, or an insight check.
Dimos: History or insight, brown has a plus 9 on the inside, so…
Dimos: That's a 14. Is that enough, or does this…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, it is, because Bram Grimm recalls that Hillsvar was controlled by grassed.
Dimos: Okay…
Kostadis Roussos: And so… And this city's also controlled by Grast. And the Eugoloth works for Grast.
Kostadis Roussos: So you could pose as merchants from Hillsfar.
Dimos: And we'll be invited to the dinner.
Kostadis Roussos: Or you could enter… you could knock on the door and say, we have business to attend.
Kostadis Roussos: You could try to bluff your way in that way.
Dimos: Okay, that's not a bad idea.
Kostadis Roussos: I think that's a problem for the future, let's deal… I was just saying that that's one way you could enter the dinner, does that make sense?
Dimos: Yeah, okay.
Dimos: I need to capture the…
Kostadis Roussos: The other ways you could enter the dinner is you could see if there's a way to enter it as a…
Dimos: Stuff.
Kostadis Roussos: a staff, right? Not that you haven't done that before.
Dimos: And it worked perfectly, to be honest.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, I'm just saying, like, that's another path. You can either show up as.
Dimos: I think we have first to deal with the giant.
Kostadis Roussos: So step one is to go deal with the giant.
Dimos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty.
Kostadis Roussos: Okie dokie.
Dimos: So, you said we don't have another long rest, that was our last long… we don't get another long rest, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Dimos: So, we have the 8 speed we have from the others, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Well, you also have healing spells and healing potions.
Dimos: Yeah, I know.
Kostadis Roussos: And this is a city… and this is a city where the drow used to be, so there could be magical stores and magical places you could go loot.
Dimos: I know, let's see if we have some extra healing potions, so we can use Diana and Albert to get full health.
Dimos: I think… I think both of them will just use second wind to get their HP back.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And with that…
Kostadis Roussos: So let me just make sure that you all, like… so the plan… so let me just… let me just write down the plan so that I have it in my head.
Kostadis Roussos: One, go get the Fiendish Giant.
Kostadis Roussos: the courtyard.
Kostadis Roussos: At the temple, right?
Kostadis Roussos: 2… Enter the spire of inevitable Reckoning.
Kostadis Roussos: Reckoning… and provoke… A fight?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes?
Kostadis Roussos: Three, what was the third plan?
Kostadis Roussos: The third part of the plan was escape. Start… Byte.
Kostadis Roussos: Between Vraxen… And that paired.
Kostadis Roussos: about… Money.
Kostadis Roussos: About, about Beppard stealing from… Braxton.
Kostadis Roussos: Bets. Bets?
Kostadis Roussos: for… a steelbook.
Kostadis Roussos: Five.
Kostadis Roussos: escape from… Tower.
Kostadis Roussos: the, teleportation circle.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, does that make sense?
nick : Yeah?
Kostadis Roussos: Did I… did I get your plan in its order?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Dimos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: All right, we will stop here then, because we have, like, 4 more minutes, and.
nick : Okay.
nick : Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Does this… Is this a good setup? Like, it just…
Dimos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
nick : Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright guys, have a good one.
nick : But…
Dimos: See you next week.